---
title: Best Practices
navigation: true
description: Follow these best practices to delight your players with smooth user experiences.
---

## 1. Welcome your players

When a player joins a room, Hackbox will display a default welcome screen. It's not very pretty, and that's on purpose — you should replace it! When a player joins your room, it's nice to send them an initial payload to customize the view to fit your game's aesthetic, confirming that they're actually in the right place.

## 2. Confirm message receipt

When a player submits an answer, Hackbox will usually disable the submit button to confirm that the message was sent, and to prevent duplicate events. However, it's a much nicer experience to confirm that the message was received by sending a new payload to the player. Ideally this payload will include a message confirming that the message was accepted, or a reason for rejection.

Prefer meaningful messages over generic ones:

- ❌ Answer submitted.
- ✅ You answered 42. Stay tuned for the result!
- ❌ Answer rejected.
- ✅ Your answer is too high. Select an answer between 1 and 100.

## 3. Keep players updated

The more frequently you update your players' UI the better. This reassures them that they are still connected to the game and keeps them engaged. Consider a simple trivia game. Compare the following two flows:

### Too simple

1. **UI:** Player receives a question.
2. Player submits an answer.
3. Repeat.

### Recommended

1. **UI:** Player receives a question.
2. Player submits an answer.
3. **UI:** Player receives confirmation of their answer being received.
4. **UI:** Reveal whether or not their answer is correct. Display their new score / ranking.
5. **UI:** Alert the player to get ready for the next question.
6. Repeat
